			"The story behind the painting I drew is already told
				No more tearstains on the pages of my diary 
			Tired but unable to give up since I'm
				Responsible for the lives I saved"


Mod Name: Dead Gardens
Premise: An archdruid died but rose again as an undead creature. 
He is unable to move on due to his greatest regret in life—he saved
three children from being sacrificed to Malar. He regrets (1) his
interference, and (2) the fact that two of the three children grew
up to be terrible people. The Archdruid wants you to correct his
mistake by killing the very three people he had saved.

THANKS TO
Moggadeet, for being my partner in crime
Nightwish, for their song "Dead Gardens", which loosely inspired this mod
Jastey, for helping with the Dead() checks and for showing me how to do journals

CHANGELOG
1.0 Initial Release

WALKTHROUGH
To start the quest, kill Faldorn and then talk to Archdruid Arianelle, 
in the Trademeet Square near the fountain.

There are three routes to complete the quest. The first is called
"Violence is the Answer", the second is called "Peace is Maybe 
an Option", and the third way is called "The Double? Triple? Cross".
See below.

Violence is the Answer: 
	In order to get the druid to move on to the afterlife, you must 
	kill all three children-now-adults (yes, including the kid who grew up good). 
		One child is a Shadow Druid. The Shadow Druid has been skulking 
			around the SW corner of Trademeet. You can annoy him into
			attacking you by talking to him too many times. 
		One child is an assassin, rumored to be a Bhaalspawn. Whether he is 
			or isn’t is up to interpretation. He’s in the Black Lotus 
			room in the Copper Coronet. He has a Dagger of Venom.
		One child is a Priestess of Lathander, in the temple. If you do
			Talos's Cleric Stronghold quest, she'll die in the attack.
			Otherwise you have to kill her yourself. Be careful you
			aren't seen, because everyone in the temple will turn hostile.

Peace Is Maybe an Option: The Archdruid won’t be happy about the Violence is the Answer path 
	and encourages you to talk it out with the undead druid instead. There's several
	different ways for this to play out, but basically--you can get at most, three
	"Persuasion Points". You get a point for having 15+ CHA, a point for having Jaheira
	in the party, and a point for having Cernd in the party.
		3 points: You are able to talk him out of this and you get the Staff of
			the Undead Druid as well
		2 points: He conceeds some, but insists on the death of Alliast
		1 point: He conceeds slightly, but insists on the deaths of Alliast and Daromin
		0 points: sucks to suck. Go get Jaheira and/or Cernd and/or ring of human influence, etc

The Double? Triple? Cross: Begin "Peace is Maybe an Option", but kill all three anyway



REWARDS
	20K quest XP, Staff of the Hungaring Swarm

POSSIBLE REWARDS
	Dagger of Venom (dropped by Alliast), Staff of the Undead Druid (if you got the
	undead druid to leave completely peacefully), kill XP for the 3 people
	

INCOMPATIBILITIES
Will likely have issues with anything that modifies AR2602 (Cave in Forest to Suldanessalar). To
the best of my knowledge though, no mod modifies this area.

PLANS FOR 2.0
Make a new custom map, and add it to the Worldmap
Lure the Lathander cleric away from the temple to kill her outside of it


